K8SPSMDB-501 add non-voting member options (#747)
percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator: source/arbiter.rst

       enabled: true
       size: 1
       ....

.. note:: You can find description of other possible options in the :ref:`replsets.arbiter section<replsets-arbiter-enabled>` of the :ref:`Custom Resource options reference<operator.custom-resource-options>`.

Adding non-voting nodes
-----------------------

`Non-voting member <https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/configure-a-non-voting-replica-set-member/>`_
is a Replica Set node which does not participate in the primary

> election process. This feature is required if having more than 7 nodes, or if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
election process. This feature is required to have more than 7 nodes, or if
```

there is a `node in the edge location <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edge_computing>`_,
which obviously should not participate in the voting process.

Percona Distribution for MongoDB Operator has the ability to configure non-voting
nodes in the Replica Set section of the
`deploy/cr.yaml <https://github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/blob/main/deploy/cr.yaml>`_
file:

-  set ``nonvoting.enabled`` option to ``true`` to allow non-voting instances,
-  use ``nonvoting.size`` option to set the desired amount of non-voting instances.

For example, the following keys in ``deploy/cr.yaml`` will create a cluster
with 3 data instances and 1 non-voting instance:

.. code:: yaml

   ....
   replsets:
     ....
     size: 3
     ....
     nonvoting:
       enabled: true
       size: 1
       ....

.. note:: You can find description of other possible options in the :ref:`replsets.nonvoting section<replsets-nonvoting-enabled>` of the :ref:`Custom Resource options reference<operator.custom-resource-options>`.

> 

Reviewer: Lets also add a link to replication with smth like "it is possible to add a non-voting node in the edge location through externalNodes option. Please refer to replication doc". You mention edge below, maybe there a good place as well
